[MUSIC PLAYING]
SPEAKER: Last time, we talked
about how the jQuery dollar
function helps
you find elements.
That dollar function does not
return DOM elements themselves,
though, but rather
a wrapper that
augments the element
with many useful helper
APIs that jQuery provides.
For example, there are addClass,
removeClass, and toggleClass,
and they do exactly
what you think
they do-- they add,
remove, or toggle
CSS classes on an element.
This feature is now
present on the DOM
directly on the
class list property.
This feature is sufficiently
supported all the way back
to IE 10.
Handy.
See?
jQuery really did a lot
for the open web platform
and we have some more episodes
lined up on this topic.
So if you find this interesting,
you should subscribe.
Previously, we talked
about querySelector,
so why not watch that
one in the meantime?